Hey,
guys,
welcome back to in this video.
We're going to speak about another form control,
which is this crowbar.
So this crowbar control allows you to create a moving image off your data.
So as you can see here,
as I'm scrolling through the scroll bar,
I get the sales for my different items.
Okay?
And I'll show you how it works.
But first of all,
let's see how we can insert a scroll bar control so you can go to the developer tab on the
ribbon,
click on insert,
and then click on scroll bar here.
And you can either dro a horizontal one or a vertical one.
Okay,
so you can just draw it as a horizontal in,
and it will be drawn as a horizontal one.
And you can also draw as a vertical one like that.
Click and drag.
And it will be Joan as a vertical one.
Okay,
I'm just going to lead the vertical one here,
and let's see the horizontal one that we've created.
Let's right.
Click on it,
click on Former Control to see what it's controls are so you can see her.
The 1st 1st of all,
is the current value.
You don't need to worry much about the current value because it's basically the value that
it has right now.
And it will change as you use it.
Okay,
as you scroll through this crowbar control,
okay?
The minimum value is basically ah,
the minimum value that it would have.
So,
in this case here,
because I've got 12 months scrolling through,
it's actually the months of the year,
actually,
two months of 2014.
So the minimum value in my case here is gonna be a one,
okay?
And the maximum value is gonna be 12 because they've got 12 months in the year.
And the incremental change here is just a one because we need for each press on the scroll
bar,
forward or backwards to just change our months by one.
So go one months forward or woman's backward.
Okay,
If you need to go forward or backward by more than that,
then you can just change it to two or three or whatever.
Okay.
And the page changes also.
How many months forward or backward,
you go when you press actually on in these areas.
So in this area or in this area,
no on the ah,
no,
on the arrows on the right and left.
But actually in the areas between the this block and and the arrow.
Okay,
so in this area or this area Okay,
so we will set that to one as well,
cause we want to move forward or backward by just one when we click on any of these areas
because we just got 12 months,
okay?
And we scroll through them one by one.
And the cell link is basically where you help put the ordinary position off the item that
you selected.
So I'm going to select your cell J two.
It's actually the same cell that this school bark control is.
Using the one on the left on the three d shading is just to give it a bit of a three d.
Look,
it's an aesthetic setting.
So if we click OK,
here,
you can see her that I can actually scroll through forward on backward on the school
control score Bar control.
Okay.
So I can go forward and I reach a maximum value of 12 and it can scroll backwards and I
reach a minimum value of one.
And also for the page change.
When he actually click in the middle of the scroll bar,
he conceded that it increments Bali one forwards or backwards.
Okay,
because we set the page change option to be a one.
Now,
I'm gonna delete the school bar control that I created here.
Okay?
And we're just ah,
gonna have a look at the data that we're charting.
Okay,
So you can see here as I scroll through the school bark control here,
the selling changes.
And if we check the formula for for these items here,
they're actually being looked up from a sheet called this crowbar analysis.
You can see her.
It's just a table with,
ah,
the items and the months across the columns.
Okay.
And,
ah,
I want you to see something here If you go to January.
Okay.
You can see here that the school Bahr el puts a one on the selling.
However,
you can see here that on the formative for the V,
look up for all the items you consider that the column index number is basically the pulpit
of this crowbar on the selling offset by a positive one.
Okay,
so it's the output of the school bar on the selling care plus one.
The reason is it is plus one is because January here is in the second column on on the
table.
OK,
so if we have the month of January with cell link of one,
we need to add an extra plus one Okay,
to get the values for January and if we check February,
you can see her that it help?
It's too on the cell link.
OK,
And if we check the school bar analysis worksheet to consider that February is in the third
columns,
this is why we need to offset that to hear on the selling by a positive one to get a three
on the column Index number input for the V,
look a formula.
Okay.
And you can see her also that February itself is being looked up as well from the table.
So everything,
including the months,
is being looked up from the school bar analysis table.
OK,
so this is basically the school bar Ah,
form Control is it's basically a form control the outputs a number,
okay.
And this number can be incremental it and you can link that number in a function or formula
to create interactivity to change your data and create interactivity this way.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
Guys,
For watching this video,
we will see applications for the school bar form control in the future.
Okay.
Thank you for watching.
I'll see on the next one.